README.md, before:

oauth2orize: oauth2 provider example
===

This example shows a provider which grants tokens in exchange for codes for

  * The client application
  * A user of the client application

Install
===

```bash
git clone https://github.com/gerges-beshay/oauth2orize-examples.git
pushd oauth2orize-examples
npm install
```

Usage
===

## Locally

```bash
node app.js
```

Visit <http://localhost:3000/login> to see the server running locally.

## [Serverless](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serverless_computing)

### [ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/now)

1. [Download](https://zeit.co/download) either Now Desktop (preferred) or Now CLI.
2. Create a `.nowignore` file in the root of the package (where package.json is located) with the following contents:
```ignore
node_modules
.eslintrc
LICENSE.md
README.md
```
3. Create a `now.json` file in the root of the package with the following contents:
```json
{
  "version": 2,
  "builds": [
    {
      "src": "app.js",
      "use": "@now/node-server"
    }
  ],
  "routes": [
    {
      "src": "/(.*)",
      "dest": "app.js"
    }
  ]
}
```
4. Execute `now` in the terminal/console. (If the command is not recognized, you might have to restart your computer.)
5. Once you see the “Success! Deployment ready” message in the terminal, follow the URL of the deployment provided by the Now CLI.

Provider / Consumer Walkthrough
===

Interacting with this provider directly doesn't showcase it's oauth2 functionality.

1. Visiting `/` takes you to a blank page... not too interesting
2. `/login` will ask you for credentials.
  * If you login before an oauth request you are taken directly to permission dialog when that request happens
  * Otherwise you will be redirected here and then to the permission dialog
3. `/account` will allow you to see your user details

In order to demo what this is actually accomplishing you'll need to run a consumer.

See <https://github.com/coolaj86/example-oauth2orize-consumer>

API
===

Below is a mapping of the API in the context of a passport-strategy

* `/dialog/authorize` is the `authorizationURL`.
* `/oauth/token` is the `tokenURL`
* `/api/userinfo` is a protected resource that requires user permission
* `/api/clientinfo` is a protected resource that requires a token generated from the client's id and secret
* Usage of `scope` is not demonstrated in this example.

The standalone usable resources are

* `GET /` nothing
* `GET /login` lets you login, presented by `/dialog/authorize` if you haven't logged in
* `POST /login` processes the login
* `GET /logout` lets you logout
* `GET /account` lets your view your user info

And then some internal resources that are of no concern for standalone users or consumers

* `POST /dialog/authorize/decision`, processes the allow / deny

Commit message:

Replace ZEIT Now with Vercel

README.md, after:

oauth2orize: oauth2 provider example
===

This example shows a provider which grants tokens in exchange for codes for

  * The client application
  * A user of the client application

Install
===

```bash
git clone https://github.com/gerges-beshay/oauth2orize-examples.git
pushd oauth2orize-examples
npm install
```

Usage
===

## Locally

```bash
node app.js
```

Visit <http://localhost:3000/login> to see the server running locally.

## [Serverless](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serverless_computing)

### [Vercel](https://vercel.com/home)

1. [Download](https://vercel.com/download) either Vercel Desktop (preferred) or Vercel CLI.
2. Create a `.vercelignore` file in the root of the package (where package.json is located) with the following contents:
```ignore
node_modules
.eslintrc
LICENSE.md
README.md
```
3. Create a `vercel.json` file in the root of the package with the following contents:
```json
{
  "version": 2,
  "builds": [
    {
      "src": "app.js",
      "use": "@now/node-server"
    }
  ],
  "routes": [
    {
      "src": "/(.*)",
      "dest": "app.js"
    }
  ]
}
```
4. Execute `vercel` in the terminal/console. (If the command is not recognized, you might have to restart your computer.)
5. Once you see the “Success! Deployment ready” message in the terminal, follow the URL of the deployment provided by the Vercel CLI.

Provider / Consumer Walkthrough
===

Interacting with this provider directly doesn't showcase it's oauth2 functionality.

1. Visiting `/` takes you to a blank page... not too interesting
2. `/login` will ask you for credentials.
  * If you login before an oauth request you are taken directly to permission dialog when that request happens
  * Otherwise you will be redirected here and then to the permission dialog
3. `/account` will allow you to see your user details

In order to demo what this is actually accomplishing you'll need to run a consumer.

See <https://github.com/coolaj86/example-oauth2orize-consumer>

API
===

Below is a mapping of the API in the context of a passport-strategy

* `/dialog/authorize` is the `authorizationURL`.
* `/oauth/token` is the `tokenURL`
* `/api/userinfo` is a protected resource that requires user permission
* `/api/clientinfo` is a protected resource that requires a token generated from the client's id and secret
* Usage of `scope` is not demonstrated in this example.

The standalone usable resources are

* `GET /` nothing
* `GET /login` lets you login, presented by `/dialog/authorize` if you haven't logged in
* `POST /login` processes the login
* `GET /logout` lets you logout
* `GET /account` lets your view your user info

And then some internal resources that are of no concern for standalone users or consumers

* `POST /dialog/authorize/decision`, processes the allow / deny
